# Synthesis-and-Application-of-Copper-Nanofluids-in-Heat-Transfer-
Predicted thermal conductivity enhancement using GPR 


A nanofluid is a fluid containing nanometer-sized particles, called nanoparticles. These fluids are engineered colloidal suspensions of nanoparticles in a base fluid. They have enhanced thermophysical properties such as thermal conductivity, thermal diffusion, viscosity, and convective heat transfer coefficient because of the large surface area. The nanofluids are prepared by mainly two methods. The two-step method is the most widely used method for preparing nanofluids. Nanoparticles used in this method are first produced as dry powders by chemical or physical method and then dispersed into any base fluid. The one-step or single-step process consists of simultaneously making and dispersing th  nanoparticles in the fluid. Thermal conductivity is a key parameter for heat transfer enhancement of the nanofluid. It depends on various parameters and the prediction of thermal conductivity based on these parameters is a very tedious and costly process experimentally. Machine learning is found to be an efficient method that can replace the experimental calculation in predicting these values. Linear Regression Model and Gaussian Process Regression (GPR) Model were formalised to study the prediction of thermal conductivity enhancement. The GPR algorithm provides a highly tractable and flexible hierarchical Bayesian framework for inferring the posterior distribution, the conditional probability that is assigned after the consideration of relevant evidence or background, of enhancement in thermal conductivity. 

